README.md, before:

# 24/7 Fitness, by [Yeasir Arafat](https://www.facebook.com/iamyeasirarafat1)
## Project name: [24/7 Fitness](https://fitness-5402c.web.app/)
You can run run project at [Live site](https://fitness-5402c.web.app/)

### `Some features are written bellow`
- This webSite is created using `ReactJs`
- I have used `React Router` in this project
- I have used `Tailwind css ` for Design  my project.
- I have use `react hot Toast` for showing error and other notifications.
- I have used `Firebase`  for my Authentication and user creation. 
- I have implement `facebook, github, google and email password` login system
- there are` forget password` system too. 
- user can` taggle` between sign in and regestration 
- There are `active navigations` also so that user can easity identify that where he is.
- there have a `blog` section you can check 
- there is a checkout section that is `private route` you have to log in to see that.
- This site is fully `responsive` you can use it on your mobile also
- By clicking your `profile icon` you can see your `Profile information and update your information` and there is `sign out` button also.
- there is a funny `404` page that you can check

Commit message:

user profile update section done

README.md, after:

# 24/7 Fitness, by [Yeasir Arafat](https://www.facebook.com/iamyeasirarafat1)
## Project name: [24/7 Fitness](https://fitness-5402c.web.app/)
You can run run project at [Live site](https://fitness-5402c.web.app/)

### `Some features are written bellow`
- This webSite is created using `ReactJs`
- I have used `React Router` in this project
- I have used `Tailwind css ` for Design  my project.
- I have use `react hot Toast` for showing error and other notifications.
- I have used `Firebase`  for my Authentication and user creation. 
- I have implement `facebook, github, google and email password` login system
- there are` forget password` system too. 
- user can` taggle` between sign in and regestration 
- There are `active navigations` also so that user can easity identify that where he is.
- there have a `blog` section you can check 
- there is a checkout section that is `private route` you have to log in to see that.
- This site is fully `responsive` you can use it on your mobile also
- By clicking your `profile icon` you can see your `Profile information and update your information` and there is `sign out` button also.
     - i have tried a lot to update user phone number but i failled but its properly working on name. I will try after submitting this project for sure.
- There is a `advance feature of email varification`. if your email is not varifyed then there will be a `toast in user profile` section but if your email is being varifyed it will not come again. 
- if you lost your varification link then `you can resend your varification link  on user setting section`
- there is a funny `404` page that you can check.
